Add Q-CTRL info to install and run sections (#397)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/start/setup-channel.mdx

    python3
    ```
1. If you do not already have one, set up an IBM Cloud account from the [IBM Cloud Registration page](https://cloud.ibm.com/registration).
1. Create a service instance, if necessary. Open your [IBM Cloud Instances page](https://cloud.ibm.com/quantum/instances). If you have one or more instances shown, continue to the next step. Otherwise, click **Create instance**. When creating your instance you can name it, tag it, select a resource group for it, and select a performance strategy. Then agree to the license agreements by checking the box in the bottom right corner of the page, and click **Create**.

    <Admonition type="note">
      If you are an administrator who needs to set up Qiskit Runtime on Cloud for your organization, refer to [Plan Qiskit Runtime for an organization](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/quantum-computing?topic=quantum-computing-quickstart-org).
    </Admonition>

    <Admonition type="note">

>      When selecting a performance strategy there are two options available. One from IBM (default) another from Q-CTRL. The IBM performance strategy allows you to leverage all of the standard options available with [Qiskit Runtime](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime) and the Q-CTRL strategy uses an automated preset.  To learn more about the Q-CTRL option, click here.  (TODO: ADD LINK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     When selecting a performance strategy there are two options available: one from IBM (default), and the other from Q-CTRL. The IBM performance strategy allows you to take advantage of all of the standard options available with [Qiskit Runtime](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime), and the Q-CTRL strategy uses an automated preset.  To learn more about the Q-CTRL option, click here.  (TODO: ADD LINK)
```

    </Admonition>

1. Find your access credentials.
    1. Find your API key. From the [API keys page](https://cloud.ibm.com/iam/apikeys), view or create your API key, then copy it to a secure location so you can use it for authentication.
    2. Find your Cloud Resource Name (CRN). Open the [Instances page](https://cloud.ibm.com/quantum/instances) and click your instance. In the page that opens, click the icon to copy your CRN. Save it in a secure location so you can use it for authentication.

1. Authenticate to the service by calling `QiskitRuntimeService` with your saved credentials or with your IBM Cloud API key and CRN:

   ```python
   from qiskit_ibm_runtime import QiskitRuntimeService

   service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_cloud", token="<IBM Cloud API key>", instance="<IBM Cloud CRN>")
   ```

   <Admonition type="note">

>      If you set up your instance in step 3 to include Q-CTRL performance management, when initializing the `QiskitRuntimeService()` you should include the additional argument `channel_strategy="q-ctrl"`. To learn more about Q-CTRL performance management strategy check out the Q-CTRL documentation (TODO: ADD LINK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If you set up your instance in step 3 to include Q-CTRL performance management, include the additional argument `channel_strategy="q-ctrl"` when initializing the `QiskitRuntimeService()`. To learn more about the Q-CTRL performance management strategy, visit the Q-CTRL documentation. (TODO: ADD LINK)
```

   </Admonition>

>    Or, optionally use the `save_account()` method to save your credentials for easy access later on, before initializing the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can optionally use the `save_account()` method to save your credentials for easy access later on, before initializing the service.
```

   ```python
    from qiskit_ibm_runtime import QiskitRuntimeService

    # Save account to disk. 
    QiskitRuntimeService.save_account(channel="ibm_cloud", token="<IBM Cloud API key>", instance="<IBM Cloud CRN>", name="<account-name>")

    # Load saved credentials
    service = QiskitRuntimeService(name="<account-name>")
    ```

>     * If you save your credentials to disk, you can use `QiskitRuntimeService()` in the future to initialize your account. The `channel` parameter distinguishes between different account types. When initializing the account, IBM Cloud is the default account used if have saved credentials for an IBM Quantum Platform and an IBM Cloud account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you save your credentials to disk, you can use `QiskitRuntimeService()` in the future to initialize your account. The `channel` parameter distinguishes between different account types. When initializing the account, IBM Cloud is the default account used if you have saved credentials for both an IBM Quantum Platform and an IBM Cloud account.
```
